Release 7.0.1 (#591)
onc-healthit/onc-certification-g10-test-kit: CHANGELOG.md

# 7.0.1

> * Fix a bug which casued Inferno testing crash when Reference.reference element is not populated (#589)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fix a bug which caused a system error when the `Reference.reference` element is not populated in certain resources (#589)
```
